README.md, before:

# Code test

This project is a basket app for the Arcadia code test, written in React, initial codebase kick off via Create React App.

## Getting started

Within the repo, via the command line install the project dependencies via NPM or (Yarn)...

```
$ npm i
```

## Running the project locally

To start and run this project use the standard NPM command:

```
$ npm start
```

This will bring the app up on the following URL: [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

# ACME Supermarket Original Readme

Create a solution for the ACME Supermarket problem.

## Description of the problem

ACME's quest for global domination has prompted us to open a supermarket – we sell only three products:

    Product code        Name            Price

    FR1                 Fruit tea       £ 3.11
    SR1                 Strawberries    £ 5.00
    CF1                 Coffee          £11.23

Our CEO is a big fan of buy-one-get-one-free offers and of fruit tea. He wants us to add a rule to do this.

The COO, though, likes low prices and wants people buying strawberries to get a price discount for bulk purchases. If you buy 3 or more strawberries, the price should drop to £4.50.
Our check-out can scan items in any order, and because the CEO and COO change their minds often, it needs to be flexible regarding our pricing rules.

The interface to our basket looks like this (shown in JavaScript):

    var basket = new Basket(pricingRules)
    basket.add(item)
    basket.add(item)
    var price = basket.total()

Implement a basket system that fulfills these requirements in JavaScript.

Test Data:

    Basket: FR1, SR1, FR1, CF1
    Total price expected: £19.34

    Basket: FR1, FR1
    Total price expected: £3.11

    Basket: SR1, SR1, FR1, SR1
    Total price expected: £16.61

Commit message:

Tweak to npm test command, add to readme.

README.md, after:

# Code test

This project is a basket app for the Arcadia code test, written in React, initial codebase kick off via Create React App.

## Getting started

Within the repo, via the command line install the project dependencies via NPM or (Yarn)...

```
$ npm i
```

## Running the project locally

To start and run this project use the standard NPM command:

```
$ npm start
```

This will bring the app up on the following URL: [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Running the unit tests

This project has unit tests against it, you can run them using the standard command.

```
$ npm test
```

# ACME Supermarket Original Readme

Create a solution for the ACME Supermarket problem.

## Description of the problem

ACME's quest for global domination has prompted us to open a supermarket – we sell only three products:

    Product code        Name            Price

    FR1                 Fruit tea       £ 3.11
    SR1                 Strawberries    £ 5.00
    CF1                 Coffee          £11.23

Our CEO is a big fan of buy-one-get-one-free offers and of fruit tea. He wants us to add a rule to do this.

The COO, though, likes low prices and wants people buying strawberries to get a price discount for bulk purchases. If you buy 3 or more strawberries, the price should drop to £4.50.
Our check-out can scan items in any order, and because the CEO and COO change their minds often, it needs to be flexible regarding our pricing rules.

The interface to our basket looks like this (shown in JavaScript):

    var basket = new Basket(pricingRules)
    basket.add(item)
    basket.add(item)
    var price = basket.total()

Implement a basket system that fulfills these requirements in JavaScript.

Test Data:

    Basket: FR1, SR1, FR1, CF1
    Total price expected: £19.34

    Basket: FR1, FR1
    Total price expected: £3.11

    Basket: SR1, SR1, FR1, SR1
    Total price expected: £16.61
